This file details the official legal license for this project as well as it's assets.
It is currently in the process of being written, as we want to spend time to create a license that works for our needs. Allowing users to freely create/modify the code as well as restricting them from selling it/claiming what they didn't do was their's.

The current version of this license is as follows.

The icons used in this program were created by Yannick Lung.


This program uses wxLua for it's GUI elements, which is included within the "bin" folder within the project.
wxLua is under the license detailed within the "license.txt" file within the bin folder containing the "wxLua.exe" executable.


The LÖVE 2D engine, which is included with this project, is under the license detailed in the license.txt file within the love2d folder.

7-Zip, which is included with this project, is under the license detailed in the 7zlicense.txt file within the "licenses" folder.

The Middleclass library, which is included with this project, is under the license detailed in the MIT-LICENSE.txt file within the "libraries" folder.




The rest of this project, including it's art and audio assets, is under the "Noncommercial ZLIB" License, which is as follows:


This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
  arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
  excluding commercial applications and/or purposes, and to alter it and redistribute it
  freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
     appreciated but is not required.
  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
     misrepresented as being the original software.
  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.



We hope this made what you can and can not do with this project clear! Now, go nuts! (As long as you're abiding by the rules of the above licenses, of course!)